Here guys, feel free to change/add up some questions. These questions are from the Team_Project.pdf thing. 
We should finish this by.... lets say Wednesday so on Friday we can just look over it together and just print it. 

- Alex - 
(5 marks) Executive Overview (see above for a description) 

- Trevor/Karyn - 
(5 marks) Description of the business domain – this is a description of the industry, based on your research

Complete Treatment Iron Bacteria And Algae
French Drain Cleaning 
French Drain Examination For Algae Or Iron Bacteria Contamination
Regular Maintenance Treatment 

(5 marks) Description of the business environment – this is a description of the world in which your client operates, based on your research
As the company is fairly new, all secretarial work are done at home; so receiving calls from clients or contacting clients are done from the home.
As their means of transportation is their van, they have a specific area where their services can be provided; which is from Rawdon area to the
Salaberry-de-Valleyfield area. 

(5 marks) Description of the client – especially computer skills and attitudes 
What software systems do they currently have in place (an Excel spreadsheet for book keeping counts)?

Their current information system is a spreadsheet.
They have their own website (but no built-in database).

- Everyone : If questions are added please let Igor/Zheng know! - 
(10 marks) The questionnaire. This is a formalized version of the narrative. It will be an aid to finding the answers to the open questions

(general)
What are the pain points in the existing business?
What is the turn-over rate for employees? 
How long does it take for new employees to become effective? 
What sorts of roles exist within the business (people typically perform multiple roles)?
What are their biggest competitors? 
On average, how many customers do they get per year?
Does Montreal have the best market for french drains in Canada?
Where does he get the resources from?
Also changes or only cleans french drains?

(computer)
What is the goal for the next year? Next 10 years?
What they would like to have as information system?
How good your employees are about computer?
What is the information system now?
What are the benefits the company would get when it has a computerized info system?
What is the average time they spend on their current info system every day?
Do you want a complete computerized info sys (database)?

- Igor/Zheng - 
(10 marks) Open questions (things you don’t know but wish you did). This should be a narrative; that is, it should read like a story

Open questions
	To begin the collaboration with a customer we need to know general information about the company, employee, location, goals, etc. 
The pain points will help us to better understand company’s problems. We also need to know whether the company loosing employee or hiring employees;
it will demonstrate the company’s current status. The duration of training will also help us to understand how fast the company can grow and if it can hire newbies.
Since it is a new company they don’t have many employees; therefor, multitasking is the solution for company in order to survive hard times of the birth of the big success.
The knowledge about their competitors will helps us to better understand what company need to be competitive. Yearly income is based on the number of customers, we need to know
the amount of them in fact to plan the database for the company. We know that today the company has a specific radius of place that it can provide services but if the company wants 
to be countrywide it will demonstrates that there probably will have many databases. (Where does he get resource from ). The number of services the company provides could 
help us to determine how big we should build our computerized information system (database).

By knowing what company is planning to do in the future, we can plan different prototype and think less or more, depend on the answer, 
about the structure of database. The task will be simpler, if the client has an idea of what they want as information system; however, 
if not we must give him suggestions and examples. The skill of employee will have an impact on the complexity of our database prototype.
We need to know about their information system, so we can know if we need to upgrade, to update or to create a new one. Before creating 
a computerized information system, we need to know if it will be useful for our client, of course they might prefer the paper information system
but it goes with the skill of employee with computers. Usually computerized information system facilitate the work, make it faster and more productive, 
these points we must explain to our client so he understand the benefits of the computerized information system. By knowing how many hours they spend 
on the information system every day, we can deduct the importance of information system for client. After showing the prototype to the client we can
determine whether they want a complete computerized information system or not.


(2 marks) Bibliography/Work cited (APA Style)
Information used
http://www.chiltech.ca/
http://www.yellowpages.ca/bus/Quebec/Blainville/ChilTech-Drain-Francais/100857658.html
