1. (3 marks) Front matter (see 1st deliverable)

2. (5 marks) Executive Overview (see above for a description) - ALEX
To reinstate what services Chiltech provides in finer detail, they provide treatment for Bacterial and Algae build up, French drain cleaning, contamination examination, and maintenance. 
Their evaluations process follows the procedure of taking water samples, photographed coniditons of the pipe, and conduct an analysis of the current level of a bacterial presence.
Given this information, the next course of action is then suggested to their client, following reccomendations of their cleaning services.

Chiltech's current information is stored within a spreadsheet, as well as a publicly available website. 
Once they gain the interest of a client, all current and future clientelle information is stored within a folder specified for said client. 
Any information, such as photographs and other documentation is later saved onto the same folder, sharing this folder as a unique storage entity meant to store information for each client seperately.

Within the first appendix, informative system diagrams  for procedures such as; Client Contact, Treatment Process, Stored Work Results, and Payments are displayed, in that respected order.
These diagrams are used to show the processes and dependencies in every step of each procedure. To view these diagrams, please refer to page #.
As for our User Cases, these can be found at page #. The four main cases given covers Client Contact Information, Treatment Process, Storage work, and Payment processes in that order. 
Each case contains essential information which contains the parties involved, the order of which procedures take place, alternative procedures if required, conditions, exceptions and every other crucial detail to each individual case. 
Each of these cases have their own Activity and Sequence diagrams given in Appendix 2, located at page #. 
Included in Appendix 2 is a Statechart diagram for every following procedure from the start of a new client, towards the payment process, mapping out each step by phase.
The UML diagram for our roles in this system can be found on page #.

Lastly, Appendix 3 (seen on page #) contains a copy of one of our client's forms, containing the service date, client name, client address and the service provided. 

3. (5 marks) Summary description of the client - ZHENG (you can take part of it from the 2nd Deliverable)

Our client "Chiltech" is a french drain cleaning industry. Chiltech’s services includes; 
Bacterial and Algae treatment, French drain cleaning, Drain examination for contamination, and Maintenance treatments.
They usually do some evalutations before the treatements. The evaluations procedures are collection of water samples
and camera inspection of the drainage pipes. After this procedure, the samples are sent to a laboratory for a final 
analysis so that they can determine the presence of bacteria contamination. Then they will report to the clients with 
pictures and recommendations for the cleaning services.

4. (15 marks) Narrative description of the present information system – This summarizes what is
described by the diagrams in the appendices

Their current information system is a spreadsheet, and they have their own website (but no built-in database). 
When their client is calling to the company, his name, phone, address and other information are written down in
the phone book. Later, the folder on a personal computer is created. When the job is executed, all services are
recorded with pictures and videos (before and after the cleaning). This information is stored to the folder with 
the client’s information and date of the treatment. 

5. (15 marks) Appendix 1 – Use cases: 
- Include system diagram (3 marks) 
- filled out templates of at least three representative use cases (4 marks each) (a template for each use cases)

6. (40 marks) Appendix 2 – UML diagrams: 
- Activity and sequence diagrams for each use case in Appendix 1 (six diagrams, 5 marks each)
- a statechart diagram for a significant class (5 marks)
- a class diagram for the entire existing information system (5 marks).

LINK FOR 5-6: https://www.dropbox.com/s/p1dxhe863c68vgh/1stsystemdiagram.vsdx?dl=0

7. (5 marks) Appendix 3 – Copies of forms and other documents used by client. If there are very
many, then only include samples. If there already is a computer system, include screen shots.

8. (2 marks) Bibliography/Works cited (APA Style)

9. (5 marks) Spelling, grammar and formatting
