1. (3 marks) Front matter (see 1st deliverable)
dont forget previous work used :D

2. (5 marks) Executive Overview (see above for a description)
Reinstated in this deliverable regarding clientele information, the client we are working for goes by the name Chiltech. 
Chiltech is a French Drain cleaning company, they provide many services such as; Algae and Bacterial treatment, French Drain cleaning, 
contamination examination, and maintenance services. Their computer skills are currently limited, 
as they only have a working website for their company and refer to using paper spreadsheets to hold all of their clients' information and services provided.

As for future development, we have spoken with our client to seek what they desire within their database. 
Due to the fact that their current information is all held on paper, we must create an entire database from scratch.
Within this database, our client has requested us to implement functions that provide expected availability,
as well as a relatively easy adaptation for using it. Functionalities such as; finding and storing information, 
displaying available appointment dates for customers, storing appointments requested by customers on their chosen dates,
availability to modify/delete client information, sorting methods which can sort clientele information by date of treatment and client information, 
the availability to store /manage photos and videos within the database, and lastly, implementing a way to let our client do monthly backups of the database. 

On pages X - X, we have listed and sorted user stories which would be requested by the user(s) of the database. 
Listing each task expected and requested by the client, and stating the testing procedures to be carried out in order to fulfill each request. 
Each card is then mapped out orderly on page X, please refer to these pages stated as they will display every detail of these procedures,
as well as give insight of the scale of our planned database and its feasibility. 

3. (5 marks) Summary description of the client (Revised – indicate what has changed or has been added since 
the last deliverable)

Our client "Chiltech" is a french drain cleaning industry. Chiltech’s services includes; 
Bacterial and Algae treatment, French drain cleaning, Drain examination for contamination, and Maintenance treatments.
They usually do some evalutations before the treatements. The evaluations procedures are collection of water samples
and camera inspection of the drainage pipes. After this procedure, the samples are sent to a laboratory for a final 
analysis so that they can determine the presence of bacteria contamination. Then they will report to the clients with 
pictures and recommendations for the cleaning services. Our client's computer skills are limited, they only know simple
tasks such as browsing web pages and creating some simple files and folders. The information system they are currently
using is the "paper method" which they record the client's inforamtion and payments on a cahier.

(Added: Descrption of client's computer skills and their current information system.)

4. (15 marks) Narrative description of the future information system – This summarizes what is described by 
the user stories in the Appendix.

	Based on the information we acquired from our client during our meetings, we were able to figure out in a broad
	scope, what kind of requirements and implementations the new information system would need. Due to the fact that
	their current information system is almost all on pen and paper, there was a lot of aspects discussed on what 
	features they wanted to add. They are looking for a system that is relatively simple to use with a lot of basic 
	functionalities.
 The first step is to have access to the database, so that way the receptionist of Chiltech can find and store information 
 for the existing customers they have. As for new customers, they want a system that can show which days are available 
 for customers that need their services, and a way to store the appointment dates when they are available. The next 
 aspects the client is looking for, is to implement a way to create, modify, and delete customer information easily, 
 and to be able to sort through the customer files by client name, amount paid, and date of treatment service done. 
 Another aspect of the system they wanted to add, was being able to check off what type of service the customer wants,
 such as, if the customer wants an inspection service, the cleaning service, or both. When we talked with our client, 
 one of the most important features was being able to store the before and after pictures and videos taken at each
 appointment. They want an information system that can create a picture and video file, and a way to store the 
 appropriate pictures and videos for each customer. Lastly, Chiltech wanted a way so that they can make a backup 
 of the customer file, because they plan on doing regular backups every end of the month. 
To summarize, our client is looking for an easy way to create, modify, delete, backup and sort personal 
information, pictures, videos for each of their customers, as well as being able to easily book appointments and 
store what type of appointment each customer wants.


5. (10 marks) Appendix 1 – User stories – Include scans of the front of 4 user story cards, and transcriptions of 
all story cards. 
https://www.dropbox.com/s/p6am62bzid6mn1p/usersClient.docx?dl=0

6. (10 marks) Appendix 2 – User story tests – Include scans of the back of the above 4 user story cards, and 
transcriptions of all user story tests. 

7. (5 marks) Appendix 3 – User story map – Include photos of the completed user story map. 

8. (2 marks) Bibliography/Works cited (APA Style) 

9. (5 marks) Spelling, grammar and formatting 
