Based on your understanding of the client’s requirements, you will produce a design of the database
system. In order to describe this design, referring to the initial class diagram (3rd deliverable), 
1 - you will produce an ER diagram and describe the relational table structure.
2 - You will also determine the physical characteristics of the database system. (You are free to use MS Access, Oracle, or any other implementation of SQL for this implementation.)
3 - You will explain the technical specifications for storing and retrieving data. 
The goal is to create a design for storing data that will provide adequate performance and insure database integrity, security and recoverability. It is at this point that you need to consider the size of the database, both now and for the future (three to five years).
4 - You also need to think about how quickly the database needs to be accessed.
5 - You will also show the user interface developed to access the database.

• (3 marks) Front matter (see 1st deliverable)
• (5 marks) Executive Overview (see above for a description).

• (15 marks) Narrative description of the database design. - Alex (Include a block diagram showing the application and user 
interaction with the various parts of the database. - Done)

Our database created has an aimed design towards a simplistic user-experience, while also providing useful tasks which were requested and expected to be present. It first starts with our design for the user’s login, which provide an image of our client’s logo, as well as a username and password field addressed to our client. Once the user enters the correct matching information for both fields, up clicking “Login”, they will be brought to the Main Table page. 
The Main Table page displays separate charts, the chart of the left side for Recent Treatments which have been done, whereas the chart on the right displays Upcoming Treatments within future dates (or undone). Each chart displays information appropriate to the purpose of each chart, for example, Recent Treatments displays a column for U/P, which displays either if the treatment was paid or unpaid for. Whereas Upcoming Treatments displays a date column for when the listed treatment is scheduled to be done. At the top-right corner of the screen, there is a search bar meant for finding service information based on either the client’s information, or type of treatment done. For example, when the user searches the term “Inspection”, it will then display all complete and upcoming treatments that are Inspection services being provided, as well as further information based on each individually. Along the bottom of both charts are buttons, each upon being clicked will bring the user to their designated page, respective to their given title.

Upon clicking the “Videos” button, the user will then be brought to the “Videos” table page. This page displays video files, categorized by the date they were filmed (as seen within the left table), which are displayed when clicked on a specific date. The user is then table to play these videos which are listed, and search the database by using the search bar above for specific video titles or dates. By clicking on the client’s logo in the top-left corner of the window, the user will be brought back to the Main Table page. 

Upon clicking the “Consult Client Table” button, the user is then sent to the “Client Table” page. On this page there is a table featuring client information, such as their first and last name, their address, their city, and phone number. Underneath this table is a scroll bar meant to move along the table. Underneath all of this are many fields meant for the purpose of adding a new client, all crucial information is required in order to add a new client to the table. City is meant to go into the field underneath the Address field. Once a user has filled all the criteria, they may then add it to the list. However, if a user selected a name from the table above, they may then either edit that user’s information by clicking the “Edit” button and replacing the fields given, or press the “Delete” button in order to remove them from the database. As with every other page thus far, the search bar at the top-right serves as a tool to search a specific client more quickly, and clicking the client’s logo in the top-left corner will bring the user back to the main page.

If the user clicks the “Consult Treatment Table” button, the user will then be brought to the Treatment Table, as it appropriately should. On this page a table is displayed, containing treatment information, based on the client’s Last name and the treatment type, price, date, as well as a column meant for any extra treatments that occurred alongside with the main treatment. This page functions similar to the client table page, except at the bottom there is one table meant for all available types of treatments, and their pricing list. Whereas the secondary table displays the add-on treatments that coincide with the main treatments. Searching on this page will result in treatment information being returned, such as the specific treatment done for a single client, or the list of clients who paid for a secondary treatment as well.

The last page on this user-interface is the “Pictures” page, which is brought up when the “Pictures” button on the main page is clicked. This page is similar to the “Videos” page, with the exception that it displays picture files instead of video files. We chose this kind of design for both of these pages since it gives a simplistic structure which separates the chronological categorization of files, and displays the files contained in each date when opened. This gives a feasible way of looking for a particular file. The user can simply scroll down the list of the left side of the page, until they find the date they were looking for. When they click on this date it then simply displays all files taken on that date, letting them easily find the file they were looking for. However, if the user forgot the date of when the image was done, they can easily search for a title or specification of the video in order to find it.

We aimed our best at ensuring this database design is easy to search through and use, hopefully satisfying our user and providing a long time service for our client’s data management 


• (10 marks) Appendix 1 – ER diagram, complete with cardinalities. - Igor 

• (9 marks) Appendix 2 – Descriptions and explanations of
  o (3 marks) Attribute data types
  
  -users Table
  user_id TINYINT
  user_name VARCHAR(20)
  pass CHAR(40)

  -treatments Table
  treatment_id INT
  treatment_type ENUM('Cleaning', 'Inspecting')
  treatment_date DATETIME

  -payments Table
  payment_id INT
  payment_type ENUM('Cash', 'Credit', 'Debit')
  payment_date DATETIME
  amount DECIMAL(4,2)
  
  -customers Table 
  customer_id INT
  treatment_id INT
  payment_id INT
  first_name VARCHAR(20)
  last_name VARCHAR(40)
  email VARCHAR(60)
  address VARCHAR(60)
  phone_number CHAR(12)

  o (3 marks) Indexes and database architectures - Zheng 
  
  The database will have four tables at total: users, treatments, payments, customers. Users table contains user login
  information (username and password), only admin user can edit records in the database, other users can only view the database
  records. The user_id will be the primary key in the user table, username will be unique and username and password will be the "login" INDEX. Treatments 
  table contains treatment information such as treatment type and date. The primary key for treatment table will be treatment_id. 
  Payments table contains payment information such as payment type, date and amount. The primary key for payment table will be 
  payment_id. Customers table contains general customer information such as customer's first and last name, phone number, address and email. 
  The primary key for this table will be the customer_id, it also contains foregin keys (payment_id and treatment_id) that will
  reference the treatments and payments tables for this specific customer.
  
  o (3 marks) Query optimization - Zheng 
  
  For query optimization, we are using prepared statements because it's not only faster if executing statement several times but
  also it's a good way to prevent SQL injection. With prepared statements, we can bind direct variables to return
  columns which means not only data does not need to be converted back and forth but we also save extra data copying from 
  row structure to our variables. The strategy we are using on query optimization is basically to save on query parsing and
  to save on data conversion and copying, and also to avoid SQL injection.
  
• (10 marks) Appendix 3 – An analysis of the database - Trevor
  o the size of the database, now and for the next three to five years (5 marks) - 
  
  The size of the current database system that we plan on creating is relatively small for our clients. It is starting out at roughly
  0.1 mb in size and will grow with time. The primary users of the system are only going to be the receptionists and stephan chilev(the owner)
  of Chiltech Drain Francais. Thus the information system being created is being used solely on one device.The database we are creating for right now only consists of four
  tables, thus it is not complex and large. It is large enough for their current userbase and the small niche amount of local customers
  they currently have. If however, in the next three to five years , the company were to start expanding the database would become way too small in size
  It would need to accommodate for other locations as well as an expanded customer base. Naturally the size of the database 
  has a direct correlation to how well sales and the company is doing. 
  
  o explanation of the access speed required, and how your design will permit this (5 marks).
  
  The access speed for the information system is going to be extremely quick. We are creating a dedicated application for the database,
  so it will be stored directly onto their systems. Since the information system will start off small it will need a fairly 
  low spec machine to run the application. Our design will permit this to happen, because... (not finished)
  
• (10 marks) Appendix 4 – User interface designs (these will be updated versions of the second
prototype from the 5th deliverable) - so printed version I'm guessing? Karyn

• (2 marks) Bibliography/Works cited (APA Style)
• (5 marks) Spelling, grammar and formatting
