This deliverable should contain the following information:

• (3 marks) Front matter (see 1st deliverable) -COMPLETED

• (5 marks) Executive Overview (see above for a description). -  ALEXANDER

• (5 marks) Summary description of the client - COMPLETED

Our client "Chiltech" is a french drain cleaning industry. Chiltech’s services includes; 
Bacterial and Algae treatment, French drain cleaning, Drain examination for contamination, and Maintenance treatments.
They usually do some evalutations before the treatements. The evaluations procedures involves a collection of water samples
and camera inspection of the drainage pipes. After this procedure, the samples are sent to a laboratory for a final 
analysis so that they can determine the presence of bacteria contamination. Then they will report to the clients with 
pictures and recommendations for the cleaning services. Our client's computer skills are limited, they only know simple
tasks such as browsing web pages and creating some simple files and folders. The information system they are currently
using is the "paper method" which they record the customer's inforamtion and payments on pen and paper.


• (5 marks) Revised summary narrative description of the project - COMPLETED

The goal of this project is to build an interactive and computerized information system for our client "Chiltech"
(a french drain cleaning service). The main idea that we are striving our information system to be is simple. In order to
achieve that we need to create a user interface that is accessible, and database functions that are not too complex.
The project needs to be this way so that we can make a system that caters to our client. Stephan Chilev (The owner).
He is not a computer savvy person and his current information system is being done on pen and paper. The main functions 
that he wanted us to be able to implement in the system, is to be able to add, delete, search, edit and display their
customers in a database along with the type of treatment they received and the amount each customer has paid. A special
request is for us to be able to store pictures and videos that he has taken after each treatment service that he has provided.
He currently has them saved on a usb, but would like a more organized way to view them. Overall, Chiltech is looking to make 
their company more relevant to the digital age, and creating a virtual information system is a right step in that direction.

• (5 marks) Client’s comments - KARYN
Upon meeting with our client, we spoke about how we, our team, were thinking of implementing the prototype. We suggested on 
using either JavaFX or Java Swing to make a separate application that the user will use to add, edit or delete in a client’s 
file. As a result, our client had a slight change of mind and suggested on using HTML/JAVASCRIPT instead. So with our client,
we have decided we would be linking their initial website to another one that will be exclusively be used by the company.
Other than this change, our client has made pleasant comments on the overall of the prototype and is looking forward to the 
implementation that is being done. They have also commented on how it was easy for them to come forward to speak to us about 
on the work it was coming along and how we often keep up to date with them.  [to be continued…] 

• (10 marks) Future work (what needs to be done to complete the project) (5 marks) – refer to the
story map, including pictures (5 marks) - IGOR

Future work
	The prototype’s functionality is based on storing information into the database and then retrieve for any use. Our prototype completes this function; however, there are some implementation were hard to make so we keep it on a side. One of the first function that should be add to the prototype to make it a complete project, is to be able to store videos and photos and link them to the user. Of course, if we are adding it we should also be able to retrieve. In addition, since pictures and videos are taking more space in the system, the database itself will take more space and later, it might be very important for the client. 
	Secondly, the website can be used only by the secretary; however, making the prototype functional for the client’s client is also final step for project. Registration will make it easier for client since, all the information will be stored itself during the registration. They could see what day they are free and then take the appointment and then call for the final confirmation. It will make the company more efficient because not only secretary can see the date of the appointment. Their users will also be able to see the results (after work pictures) of their work, so it will be also like a promotion for them. We could take a look in user stories to better understand the use of pictures and videos. 
	Last and the most important, is to make the website secure for the client and user. With a secure website, we could do all possible payments on the website. It was also required in user stories but it implementation was a very risky part to do because a mistake can be crucial and make people lose money. On other hand, this function will make the website fully complete for the client. 



• (10 marks) Appendix 1 – Revised user interface – indicate what changed

• (15 marks) Appendix 2 – Printed version of the user guide

• (10 marks) Appendix 3 – List showing which parts of the interface implement which User stories
– screen shots may help.

• (2 marks) Bibliography/Works cited (APA Style) - COMPLETED

• (5 marks) Spelling, grammar and formatting - COMPLETED

• (6 marks) During one of the lab sessions, your team will demonstrate to the instructor how your
implementation works. During this demonstration you must be prepared to answer questions
about both the implementation (4 marks) and the process of developing the implementation (2
marks).

• (16 marks) You will also receive marks for the implementation as follows:
o (2 marks) Input error checking
o (2 marks) Search for an item, or a group of items, in the database.
o (2 marks) Add data to the database.
o (4 marks) Retrieve data from the database and display it on screen and print it directly to a
printer.
o (2 marks) Change (update) data in the database.
o (2 marks) Delete data in the database.
o (2 marks) Produce at least one nicely formatted summary report of the database contents.
